Elite over Econet
by Mark Moxon

This application sends scores from Archimedes Elite
to an Econet scoreboard.

It needs version 1.14 of Elite (available from Ian
Bell's website) and a working Econet connection.

***

NOTE: This software is experimental. To minimise
the risk of problems, I recommend you set things
up as follows:

* First, run Elite on its own and set up your
  commander (i.e. load a commander if required,
  and save it under the name you want on the
  scoreboard).

* Click the Elite icon on the icon bar to go
  into the game, click to move past the title
  screen, and click DESK or press F12 to return
  to the Desktop.

* Now you can run !EliteNet, to configure the
  scoreboard and enable transmissions.

* Once transmissions are active, quit !EliteNet
  from the icon bar menu and play Elite as
  normal.

* If you want to change the configuration or
  check the scores, press F12 to return from
  Elite to the Desktop, then load !EliteNet and
  make the changes, and quit !EliteNet when you
  are done.

At this time, the !EliteNet application can
cause Elite to crash, so I recommend quitting
!EliteNet when you ae not using it. The module
that talks to the scoreboard is unaffected by
this, so quitting !EliteNet doesn't affect score
transmission, but it does reduce the likelihood
of a crash.

I am trying to fix this issue, but I'm not there
yet!

***

To send scores to a scoreboard, run both Elite and
!EliteNet. Click on the EliteNet icon to bring up
the configuration window, and enter the station and
port number for the scoreboard.

You can move to the next field by pressing Return
or Tab, and you can use the up/down arrow keys to
move both ways.

Note that in order for a value to be configured,
you need to press either Return, Tab or an arrow
key so the value can be submitted and checked.

Once the details have been configured, the "Enable
scoreboard transmissions" icon will be available.
You can use this to turn transmissions on and off.

Transmissions only occur when Elite is running and
you are in the game. You can optionally change the
transmission interval, but don't make it too short
for too long, especially on a busy network.

To set the scores back to zero, click the Reset
button. You might want to do this before a new
muliplayer competition starts, so everyone begins
from the same position.

This application comes with a maxed-out commander
file called Max. This matches the MAX commander
that comes with the BBC Micro version of Elite
over Econet.

See bbcelite.com/econet for more details.